
HTTP REQUEST METHODS:
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Methods


HTTP defines a set of request methods to indicate the desired action to be performed 
for a given resource. Although they can also be nouns, these request methods are sometimes 
referred to as HTTP verbs. Each of them implements a different semantic, but some common 
features are shared by a group of them: e.g. a request method can be safe, idempotent, or 
cacheable.


GET
The GET method requests a representation of the specified resource. Requests using GET 
should only retrieve data.

HEAD
The HEAD method asks for a response identical to a GET request, but without the response body.

POST
The POST method submits an entity to the specified resource, often causing a change in state 
or side effects on the server.

PUT
The PUT method replaces all current representations of the target resource with the request
payload.

DELETE
The DELETE method deletes the specified resource.

CONNECT
The CONNECT method establishes a tunnel to the server identified by the target resource.

OPTIONS
The OPTIONS method describes the communication options for the target resource.

TRACE
The TRACE method performs a message loop-back test along the path to the target resource.

PATCH
The PATCH method applies partial modifications to a resource.


----> SEE FILE: crud.png!
----> HTML turi tik post ir get methodus!



COOKIES: 

sesion

path: instpect/Application/Cokies
path: instpect/Network/Doc/Headers/Headers Responses/Cookie
XAMPP path: C:\xampp\tmp
    

- mazas info gabaliukas saugomas narsykleje, skirtingose narsyklese bus skirtingas!
- cookies faile rasomi header'io virsuje pries bet koki echo..
- cookies turi varda ir reiksme
- cookies atsirado pries local storage, jis guli narsykleje arba kompe.
- tam, kad cookies atsirastu narsykleje, serveris turi juos sukurti ir liepia narsyklei 
  juos issaugoti. Todel serveris gali pasideti informacijos gabaliuka narsykleje, nes 
  ju niekam kitam nerodo!
- cookies grieztai priristi prie domeno vardo, t.i., prie kiekvieno domeno yra kukio vardas!
- cookies negali buti deleted by the server, tam serveris gali setcookie to the past date!
- jei serveris pats istrina pas save coockie, niekas tos info nebemato ir it becomes useless!

Identifikacija  -   id'ed kaip 'black zuikis', - tas vadinasi taip, bet nepasako, kas is tikruju!
                    Musu pvz. bus kompas 'black zuikis', kur jis buvo! Taip padeda surinkti 
                    daug info!
Autentifikacija -   pasako, kas esi. PVZ., smart ID! 
Autorizacija -

Per cookies vaiksto admin.. 

Tuscias sesijos masyvas:
$_SESSION[''] = 'Animal added';
(msg s12:Animal added'; -> stringas 12-os ilgio);










